added support for aws rds group option (#353)
inspec/inspec-aws: docs/resources/aws_rds_group_options.md

---
title: About aws_rds_group_options Resource
---

# aws\_rds\_group\_options

> Use the `aws_rds_group_options` InSpec audit resource to test detailed properties of an individual aws_rds_group_options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `aws_rds_group_options` InSpec audit resource to test detailed properties of a group of Amazon Relational Database Service (RDS) clusters.
```

RDS gives you access to the capabilities of a MySQL, MariaDB, PostgreSQL, Microsoft SQL Server, Oracle, or Amazon Aurora database server.

## Syntax

An `aws_rds_group_options` resource block uses resource parameters to search for an RDS option group, and then tests that RDS option group.  If no RDS option group match, no error is raised, but the `exists` matcher will return `false` and all properties will be `nil`.
describe aws_rds_group_option(engine_name: 'mysql') do
it { should exist }
end

    # Can also use hash syntax
    describe aws_rds_group_options do
      it { should exist }
    end

#### Parameters

> 

Reviewer: We should really have a table of available parameters in here.

---
title: About aws_rds_group_options Resource
---

> # aws\_rds\_group\_options

Reviewer 2: Check the comments in the singular resource.

Use the `aws_rds_group_options` InSpec audit resource to test detailed properties of a group of Amazon Relational Database Service (RDS) clusters.

RDS gives you access to the capabilities of a MySQL, MariaDB, PostgreSQL, Microsoft SQL Server, Oracle, or Amazon Aurora database server.

## Syntax

An `aws_rds_group_options` resource block uses resource parameters to search for an RDS option group, and then tests that RDS option group.  If no RDS option group match, no error is raised, but the `exists` matcher will return `false` and all properties will be `nil`.
describe aws_rds_group_option(engine_name: 'mysql') do
it { should exist }
end

    # Can also use hash syntax
    describe aws_rds_group_options do
      it { should exist }
    end

#### Parameters

> |Property                     | Description|

Reviewer 3: please add field names here to the respective property
